# Java Backend Coding Exercise

Please create a Spring Boot application that can be used to manage contacts using a RESTful API.
We ask you to meet the following requirements:
- Each contact has a full-name, date of birth and an address sub-entity.
- An address itself has two generic address fields, a city and a postal code.
- The application must be able to provide all existing contacts via a GET endpoint
- It is possible to filter contacts by zip-code so that not all but only some contacts are
returned
- It is possible to create a new contact (including address) using a POST endpoint
- Contacts are persisted to an in-memory database, which is started along with your
application
- Each contact has a unique identifier, which is generated by the database upon
storing a new contact
- The application performs logging every time a contact has been created

Also
- We need to be able to build and execute your application (please provide the code
e.g. as a github repo link)
- Your submission shows your coding style, how you name things and how you
structure your code (architecture)
- Please provide some sort of quality assurance. Feel free to use your preferred way of
doing that, suiting the scope of this test-project
- Describe your API in the README

Submission of the source code: Please create a Git repository on github.com for submission
and use this to develop the source code. After the development is finished, send us the link
to the Git repository via email. Please also make sure to provide the application itself and the
corresponding documentation for it in the form of a README file.
Please don't overstrain yourself, keep it simple so that you don't put in too many hours of
your time. It's not a university entrance exam :)
Good luck!
